Adds new Terraform doc to the MQL section of docs (#762)
mondoohq/docs: docs/mql/terraform.md

- Terraform HCL (your source code).
- Terraform Plan (JSON) (the proposed changes).
- Terraform State (JSON) (what exists according to Terraform).

In this guide you’ll:

- Install and use the Mondoo Terraform provider in the `cnspec shell`.
- Explore Terraform resources with MQL, Write checks using selectors, filters, and aggregators like `.where()` and `.all()`.
- Package checks into Mondoo policies with filters and variants so a single check can run consistently against HCL, Plan, and State.

---

## Mondoo Terraform Provider Overview

Mondoo’s Terraform provider is a plugin for cnspec/cnquery that:

- Exposes a normalized `terraform.resources` inventory for HCL, Plan, and State.
- Provides a transport for scanning directories and files.
- Enables consistent MQL across IaC stages via policy variants.

### Install the Terraform provider

```bash
cnspec providers install terraform
```

## Use the interactive shell

> Use the `cnspec` shell to prototype MQL quickly before you codify checks in YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `cnspec` shell to prototype MQL quickly before you codify checks in a policy file.
```
